FAQ - Info on New Stuff - YFKtest

- Wazzup with the outgoing cw messages, I cannot seem to enter in the full outgoing exchange ?

Good question. The short answer is that you can enter in a two part message. the very last
question you are asked when creating a new contest log is where you enter in the outgoing
"exchange" info. You can deal with this in one of several ways. One method is to just enter
it in as one message and then edit the cwmessages using the Alt+m keypress to change things
to your liking. Another way, for the advanced user is to actually edit the log file pre-amble
area. But perhaps the best way is brand new and at this time is only fully implemented for the
QRP-TTF contest.: First when you intially answer the outgoing question (in this case My SPC/
Name-SOTA) you place the two parts together separated by a forward-slash. In my case I would
answer the qeustion like this; NM/BOB . This will be auto-magically separated into TWO
variables: exc1s & exc2s. In the case of the QRP-TTF contest the outgoing message is preset
to 'exc1s exc2s' and will outmagically send out the two parts as two parts !! Feedback on how
well this new feature works for you would be appreciated.

- Wazzup with the 'wantcqrepeat' and 'cqinterval' stuff in the Alt+c (keypressed) configuration
menu ?

Another good question !! ..Um, it's part of the new "CW-Running Mode". The first variable,
wantcqrepeat, is what you set to "1" to enable this capablity. The second variable sets the
time interval from the start of the each cq to the start of the NEXT cq.

The F1 keypress works *exactly* like a momentary toggle switch when this mode is enabled.

If you change band, mode, it is just like *immediately* turning this switch OFF. And if you
go into log-editing mode the current cq will finish and *then* it will be turned off.

Alt-x works just like before, killing the current keyer output BUT it does not turn off the
"running mode" like the pressing the F1 key would.

Finally once you start to enter info into the contact entry fields, the running is is paused
until you clear those fields either by entering the compolted qso into the log by pressing the
ENTER key or by "wiping" the pending qso by the F11 or the Alt+w keypress.

Oh yeah....the status of this mode is indicated in the bottom line. It'll be in RED when it is
enabled by the configration options and activated with the F1 keypress.

23-April-2012 - W9YA
